Gp 5294 multi select position array (#3218)
miso-lims/miso-lims: changes/add_multi_position_array.md

> Multiple positions can be selected and added samples in array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple positions can be selected at once for adding/removing samples from the array on the Edit Array page.
```
